Use discriminators on Solana instead of selectors ⚓ (#1089)
hyperledger/solang: docs/targets/solana.rst

- Solana uses different accounts for the program code, and the contract data.
- Programs are upgradable. There is no need to implement upgrades in Solidity.
- Solana provides different builtins, e.g. ``tx.program_id`` and ``tx.accounts``.

> - Selectors are eight bytes wide and often called "discriminators".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Function selectors are eight bytes and known as *discriminators*.
```
